IBX-9497: Adjust documentation after bumping the default PHP version (#2428)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/getting_started/install_ibexa_dxp.md

To use Composer to instantly create a project in the current folder with all the dependencies,
run the following command:

!!! note "Using PHP 8.3 (recommended)"

    === "[[= product_name_headless =]]"

        ``` bash
        composer create-project ibexa/headless-skeleton .
        ```

    === "[[= product_name_exp =]]"

        ``` bash
        composer create-project ibexa/experience-skeleton .
        ```

    === "[[= product_name_com =]]"

        ``` bash
        composer create-project ibexa/commerce-skeleton .
        ```

> ??? note "Using PHP 7.4, 8.0 or older versions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? note "Using PHP 8.2 or older"
```

The current header excludes PHP 8.1 and PHP 8.2 which also should use this version

>     If you are using PHP 7.4, 8.0 or any older version, use a different set of commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using PHP 8.2 or any older version, use a different set of commands:
```
